Spring Boot useful Links

Spring JdbcTemplate - Use of nameed parameters
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/15118630/some-doubts-about-rowmapper-use-in-jdbc-in-a-spring-framework-application
SpringBoot Environemtn Variables substitution
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/35531661/using-env-variable-in-spring-boots-application-properties
https://docs.spring.io/spring-boot/docs/current/reference/html/boot-features-external-config.html

Google: SpringBoot secure variables jenkins
Using env variable in Spring Boot's application.properties
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/35531661/using-env-variable-in-spring-boots-application-properties
https://www.baeldung.com/spring-boot-command-line-arguments
Passing command lne argumets in SpringBoot
https://memorynotfound.com/spring-boot-passing-command-line-arguments-example/

Your Spring Boot App with Jenkins X and Kubernetes
https://developer.okta.com/blog/2018/07/11/ci-cd-spring-boot-jenkins-x-kubernetes

SpringBoot bootJar vs Gradle jar
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/50636093/use-the-gradle-bootjar-instead-of-jar-task-and-build-fails-in-jenkins

https://docs.spring.io/spring-boot/docs/current/gradle-plugin/reference/html/#getting-started

SpringBoot bootJar plugin
https://docs.spring.io/spring-boot/docs/1.5.2.RELEASE/reference/html/build-tool-plugins-gradle-plugin.html
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/49798302/could-not-find-method-bootjar-for-arguments
https://docs.spring.io/spring-boot/docs/current/gradle-plugin/reference/html/#getting-started



LDAP gpresult /V
http://www.javaxt.com/Tutorials/Windows/How_to_Authenticate_Users_with_Active_Directory
https://github.com/Jahia/LDAP-provider/blob/master/src/main/java/org/jahia/services/usermanager/ldap/LDAPUserGroupProvider.java
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/390150/authenticating-against-active-directory-with-java-on-linux/394193#394193
https://github.com/jenkinsci/active-directory-plugin/blob/master/src/main/java/hudson/plugins/active_directory/ActiveDirectoryUnixAuthenticationProvider.java

https://softwareengineering.stackexchange.com/questions/198721/best-way-to-structure-a-git-repository-for-maven


Redux
https://toddmotto.com/redux-typescript-store
https://redux.js.org/introduction/learning-resources


Java Roadmap
https://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/java-se-support-roadmap.html
https://react-etc.net/entry/oracle-to-stop-providing-a-free-java-jdk-with-long-term-support-lts

Generating classes from xsd
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/11463231/how-to-generate-jaxb-classes-from-xsd

https://plugins.jenkins.io/publish-over-ssh

Generating SSH keys
https://www.racf.bnl.gov/docs/authentication/ssh/sshkeygenunix



Gradle dependencies
https://docs.gradle.org/current/userguide/declaring_dependencies.html#declaring_dependencies
https://docs.gradle.org/current/userguide/tutorial_using_tasks.html
Gradle SSH Plugin Document
https://gradle-ssh-plugin.github.io/docs/

Jenkins environment variables
https://wilsonmar.github.io/jenkins2-pipeline/
Working with files in Gradle
https://www.oreilly.com/library/view/gradle-beyond-the/9781449373801/ch01.html
https://www.oreilly.com/library/view/gradle-beyond-the/9781449373801/ch02.html
https://docs.gradle.org/current/userguide/working_with_files.html

Passing Project Properties From Command-Line With -P
https://dzone.com/articles/specifying-gradle-build

how to setup ssh keys for jenkins to publish via ssh
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/37331571/how-to-setup-ssh-keys-for-jenkins-to-publish-via-ssh


Angular + Jenkins
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/47315228/deploying-an-angular-application-using-continuous-integration-from-git-or-gitlab


Manifest files description
https://docs.oracle.com/javase/tutorial/deployment/jar/appman.html
http://andresalmiray.com/customize-jar-manifest-entries-with-maven-gradle/

Git in Eclipse
https://crunchify.com/how-to-configure-bitbucket-git-repository-in-you-eclipse/

Add resources, config files to your jar using gradle
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/24724383/add-resources-config-files-to-your-jar-using-gradle

Gradle solution to remove CR from files
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/5958704/what-is-the-easiest-way-convert-line-endings-to-unix-style-when-creating-tar-fil
https://ant.apache.org/manual/Tasks/fixcrlf.html


Gradle Doc
https://docs.gradle.org/current/javadoc/org/gradle/api/file/CopySpec.html
https://searchcode.com/codesearch/view/3033937/

Grade examples
https://searchcode.com/codesearch/view/3033937/  
https://gist.github.com/shad1w/c81e0470deed507e6630be52eccd59ff

Gradle File Copy Examples
http://mrhaki.blogspot.com/2010/10/gradle-goodness-copy-files-with.html

Gradle - local jars setup
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/20700053/how-to-add-local-jar-file-dependency-to-build-gradle-file
Gradle Plugins https://plugins.gradle.org/
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/32352816/what-the-difference-in-applying-gradle-plugin

Run a List of Gradle Tasks In Specific Order
https://caffeineinduced.wordpress.com/2015/01/25/run-a-list-of-gradle-tasks-in-specific-order/
https://www.jfrog.com/confluence/display/RTF/Working+With+Pipeline+Jobs+in+Jenkins
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/19474186/egit-rejected-non-fast-forward/38586542

Gradle Doc
https://docs.gradle.org/current/userguide/writing_build_scripts.html
Groovy Lang Docs
http://docs.groovy-lang.org/latest/html/documentation/index.html#_closures

Groovy Closures
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/groovy/groovy_closures.htm

Deploying from Gradle to Artifactory
https://medium.com/dot-debug/deploying-artifacts-to-maven-using-gradle-b669acc1b6f8

Jenkins Job Parameters
https://dev.to/pencillr/jenkins-pipelines-and-their-dirty-secrets-2

Jenkins job with parameters
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/37025175/pipeline-pass-parameters-to-downstream-jobs

Migration from SVN into BitBucket
http://john.albin.net/git/git-svn-migrate

Most popular Frameworks
https://blog.bitsrc.io/11-angular-component-libraries-you-should-know-in-2018-e9f9c9d544ff



https://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/products/devices-systems/laptops/view-all.html
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/12472645/how-do-i-schedule-jobs-in-jenkins

Liberty Docs
https://www.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/SSAW57_liberty/com.ibm.websphere.wlp.nd.multiplatform.doc/com.ibm.websphere.wlp.nd.multiplatform.doc/ae/twlp_inst_assets.html

https://developer.ibm.com/wasdev/downloads/#asset/features-com.ibm.websphere.appserver.adminCenter-1.0

Firewall Liberty Install
To solve this I used information from http://viralpatel.net/blogs/http-proxy-setting-java-setting-proxy-java/.

IBM WebSphere
https://barsand.files.wordpress.com/2014/04/sg248056.pdf

configurations.compile.collect
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/47910578/not-able-to-copy-configurations-dependencies-after-upgrading-gradle-plugin-for-a
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/20700053/how-to-add-local-jar-file-dependency-to-build-gradle-file/20956456#20956456

Class-Path in Manifest Jar
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/22659463/add-classpath-in-manifest-using-gradle

- WAS Error java version
https://www.ibm.com/mysupport/s/question/0D50z000062kBjoCAE/javalangunsupportedclassversionerror-jvmcfre003-bad-major-version-error?language=en_US
Ant Lower version of java
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/21179226/ant-using-a-lower-version-of-java-than-the-systems-java-version

Multi-Module JavaEE Project
https://webdev.jhuep.com/~jcs/ejava-javaee/coursedocs/content/html/ejb-basicex-modules.html

https://community.microfocus.com/t5/DA-User-Discussions/How-to-avoid-or-know-the-value-for-MapWebModToVH-in-the-install/td-p/2726076
Virtual Host
https://www.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/SS7K4U_9.0.5/com.ibm.websphere.zseries.doc/ae/trun_app_mapvhosts.html

Gradle war plugin
https://docs.gradle.org/current/userguide/war_plugin.html

Unix IF ELSE
https://linuxize.com/post/bash-check-if-file-exists/

Jenkins dir() 
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/52372589/jenkins-pipeline-how-to-change-to-another-folder
https://jenkins.io/doc/pipeline/steps/workflow-basic-steps/
https://github.com/jenkinsci/pipeline-examples/blob/master/jenkinsfile-examples/nodejs-build-test-deploy-docker-notify/Jenkinsfile
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/14843696/checkout-multiple-git-repos-into-same-jenkins-workspace

AdminApp
https://www.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/SSEQTP_8.5.5/com.ibm.websphere.base.iseries.doc/ae/rxml_adminapp.html
Options -MapModulesToServers
https://www.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/SSEQTP_9.0.5/com.ibm.websphere.base.doc/ae/rxml_taskoptions.html#rxml_taskoptions__cmd55
Optins Description
https://www.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/SSEQTP_9.0.5/com.ibm.websphere.base.doc/ae/rxml_taskoptions.html

https://www.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/SS7JFU_8.5.5/com.ibm.websphere.express.doc/ae/txml_callappinstall.html

https://books.google.ca/books?id=1azEAgAAQBAJ&pg=PA357&lpg=PA357&dq=redbook+AdminApplication.startApplicationOnCluster&source=bl&ots=FS-79zkETe&sig=ACfU3U087dK4ijfoWIZYbkH3JuJ-Icu7iQ&hl=en&sa=X&ved=2ahUKEwiwzqOSldvnAhULheAKHYWaDIUQ6AEwAXoECAoQAQ#v=onepage&q=redbook%20AdminApplication.startApplicationOnCluster&f=false

IBM WAS start application on cluster
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/14730871/jython-script-for-cluster

Stop Application on cluster
https://www.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/SSAW57_9.0.5/com.ibm.websphere.nd.multiplatform.doc/ae/rxml_7libapp5.html
Start Application on cluster
https://www.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/SSEQTP_9.0.5/com.ibm.websphere.base.doc/ae/txml_7libapp.html

Gradle List properties
https://www.java2novice.com/gradle/list-properties/

gradle tasks
https://discuss.gradle.org/t/how-redefine-the-directory-where-generated-jar-files-libsdirname/6576
https://discuss.gradle.org/t/is-it-possible-to-partial-override-clean-task/7100/7

https://docs.gradle.org/5.6.1/userguide/command_line_interface.html#sec:command_line_warnings
https://docs.gradle.org/current/dsl/org.gradle.api.tasks.bundling.Jar.html#org.gradle.api.tasks.bundling.Jar:destinationDir
https://github.com/jenkinsci/pipeline-examples/blob/master/pipeline-examples/artifactory-gradle-build/artifactoryGradleBuild.groovy
https://wiki.jenkins.io/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=102334530
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/41309257/why-gradle-jars-are-written-in-build-libs
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/47572355/pass-job-parameter-to-gradle-task-in-scripted-pipeline

https://stackoverflow.com/questions/10093178/change-encoding-of-existing-file-with-java
Encoding in eclipse
https://z0ltan.wordpress.com/2011/12/25/changing-the-encoding-in-eclipse-to-utf-8-howto/

January 16, 2020 Thursday
=========================
Private Firm managing ECA shares
https://www.causewaycap.com/person/sarah-h-ketterer/?src=operating-committee

MS AD Explorer
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/sysinternals/downloads/adexplorer

WB Economy Report
https://www.worldbank.org/en/publication/global-economic-prospects

wsdl over SSL
https://discuss.gradle.org/t/java-code-generation-using-wsdl2java-over-https/289
Http over SSL
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/2642777/trusting-all-certificates-using-httpclient-over-https
Generating client over https
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/22552824/how-to-generate-client-code-using-wsdl2java-through-https

https://github.com/IntershopCommunicationsAG/wsdl-gradle-plugin

Moon Phases Calculator
https://www.daniweb.com/programming/software-development/code/216727/moon-phase-calculator#

Security certificates in SoapUI
https://blogs.sap.com/2011/01/06/soap-ui-tool-soap-https-client-authentication/

Creating deployment info file
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/38275583/create-version-txt-file-in-project-dir-via-build-gradle-task
node.js SOAP
https://medium.com/better-programming/how-to-perform-soap-requests-with-node-js-4a9627070eb6
https://howtodoinjava.com/spring-boot/spring-soap-client-webservicetemplate/

MATA-INF Class-Path
https://docs.oracle.com/javase/tutorial/deployment/jar/downman.html

Excluding files from ear
https://discuss.gradle.org/t/removing-a-jar-dependency-from-ear/6170
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/20707543/gradle-how-to-exclude-jar-from-a-war

Multideployment in Gradle with EJB project
https://discuss.gradle.org/t/single-project-with-jar-ejb-war-and-ear/5874/4

Deployment of EJB Project to WAS
https://www.oracle.com/technetwork/developer-tools/adf/deploy-to-websphere-101989.html

Gradle exclude project
https://discuss.gradle.org/t/excluding-dependencies-from-dependent-projects/4506

WAS Error on setup
https://www.ibm.com/developerworks/community/forums/html/topic?id=ea5bbc7c-baab-44b4-86cc-4b48a44bb351

Generate timestamp in directory name on unix
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/14894605/shell-script-to-create-folder-daily-with-time-stamp-and-push-time-stamp-generate

Java 11 review
https://blog.codefx.org/java/java-11-migration-guide/
https://blog.codefx.org/java/http-2-api-tutorial/

https://stackoverflow.com/questions/37463902/how-to-pass-parameters-javac-flag-to-java-compiler-via-gradle

Compiling Project which depends on another project
https://rominirani.com/gradle-tutorial-part-3-multiple-java-projects-5b1c4d1fbd8d

Manifest File Class-Path
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/22659463/add-classpath-in-manifest-using-gradle

Gradle Build multi-project
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/41357748/gradle-ear-build-with-dependencies-from-war-file

Installing Glassfish Tools into Eclipse
Sapphire 9.1.1 - http://download.eclipse.org/sapphire/9.1.1/repository
http://download.eclipse.org/glassfish-tools/1.0.0/repository

eclipse wtp - web tools platform
https://wiki.52north.org/Documentation/EclipseTips


Old Gradle tutorials on multi-project
https://rominirani.com/gradle-tutorial-part-3-multiple-java-projects-5b1c4d1fbd8d
Gradle compile vs runtime
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/20333193/difference-between-compile-vs-compile-tree-vs-compile-files

mANIFEST FILE
https://discuss.gradle.org/t/building-and-deploying-an-enterprise-application-with-eclipse-sts/15269
https://github.com/WASdev/sample.ejb/blob/master/ejb-war/build.gradle

Gradle Dependencies Handler issue
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/25222811/access-restriction-the-type-application-is-not-api-restriction-on-required-l

Jar signer
https://docs.oracle.com/javase/6/docs/technotes/tools/windows/jarsigner.html
https://docs.oracle.com/javase/tutorial/deployment/jar/signindex.html
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/9275780/is-it-possible-to-have-sha1-digest-in-java-manifest-file-without-actually-using
https://www.whitman.edu/mathematics/java_api_1.1.5/guide/jar/manifest.html

About MANIFEST file in jar
https://docs.oracle.com/javase/tutorial/deployment/jar/downman.html

Gradle change of src location
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/35946138/how-to-configure-gradle-to-built-java-ee-project
https://discuss.gradle.org/t/how-to-build-a-java-ejb-project/24356

EJB PRject setup in Gradle
http://qussay.com/2013/09/13/solving-dynamic-web-module-3-0-requires-java-1-6-or-newer-in-maven-projects/
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/25909611/eclipse-dynamic-web-module-3-0-requires-java-1-6-or-newer-error-while-creating

https://github.com/WASdev/sample.ejb/tree/master/ejb-ejb

Gradle multiproject builds
https://docs.gradle.org/current/userguide/multi_project_builds.html
Gradle build phases
https://docs.gradle.org/current/userguide/build_lifecycle.html#sec:build_phases

How to add JAR files to your Gradle project
https://appmediation.com/how-to-add-local-libraries-to-gradle/

https://stackoverflow.com/questions/20333193/difference-between-compile-vs-compile-tree-vs-compile-files

key-gen -t rsa -C "email"
https://docs.joyent.com/public-cloud/getting-started/ssh-keys/generating-an-ssh-key-manually/manually-generating-your-ssh-key-in-windows
https://confluence.atlassian.com/bitbucket/set-up-an-ssh-key-728138079.html

https://docs.oracle.com/cd/B14099_19/web.1012/b15505/dtdxml.htm

Ejb Lib location 
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/12875479/package-javax-ejb-does-not-exist-inspite-of-jar-file-in-classpath?lq=1
https://coderanch.com/t/73254/application-servers/javax-resource-spi-ConnectionManager
https://docs.gradle.org/current/userguide/userguide_single.html?_ga=2.14963508.369935.1574692988-598494773.1574455444#sec:accessing_the_web_via_a_proxy

Maven Project structure
http://maven.apache.org/guides/introduction/introduction-to-the-standard-directory-layout.html

https://www.logicbig.com/tutorials/spring-framework/spring-web-mvc/mvc-configurer-default-methods.html

https://www.theserverside.com/tutorial/How-to-Use-Spring-30-In-a-Servlet-Based-Web-Application
Code review
https://smartbear.com/learn/code-review/best-practices-for-peer-code-review/

Spring Context in Web
http://blog.jdevelop.eu/?p=154
https://www.theserverside.com/tutorial/How-to-Use-Spring-30-In-a-Servlet-Based-Web-Application
https://www.javacodegeeks.com/2014/03/building-java-web-application-using-hibernate-with-spring.html

https://www.javacodegeeks.com/2014/03/building-java-web-application-using-hibernate-with-spring.html
https://github.com/elizabetht/StudentEnrollmentWithSpring/blob/master/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/web.xml

https://www.programcreek.com/java-api-examples/?class=org.springframework.web.context.WebApplicationContext&method=getBean

How does ApplicationContextAware work in Spring?
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/21553120/how-does-applicationcontextaware-work-in-spring

What does it take to become a financial advisor
https://www.pwlcapital.com/what-does-it-take-to-become-a-financial-advisor/

Fat jar
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/4871656/using-gradle-to-build-a-jar-with-dependencies
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/36917530/gradle-error-with-lack-of-mainclassname-property-in-gradle-build

https://www.journaldev.com/17053/spring-jdbctemplate-example
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=63.+Spring+jdbc

Spring JdbcTemplate
https://github.com/kishanjavatrainer/SpringWithJDBCUsingAnnotation/tree/master/SpringWithJDBCUsingAnnotation/Lib
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2QC2JIV5RiI
https://github.com/kishanjavatrainer/SpringWithJDBCUsingAnnotation/blob/master/SpringWithJDBCUsingAnnotation/src/Beans.xml
https://github.com/eugenp/tutorials/blob/master/libraries-data-db/src/main/java/com/baeldung/libraries/hikaricp/DataSource.java

Spring WebInitializer Docs
https://docs.spring.io/spring/docs/current/spring-framework-reference/web.html#mvc

How to build with Open Liberty
https://openliberty.io/guides/gradle-intro.html#creating-the-application

Multiconfigs in Spring
https://www.codejava.net/frameworks/spring/understanding-the-core-of-spring-framework#MultipleConfigs

Reading properties in Spring
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/33594625/java-configuration-for-jdbctemplate-and-transaction-management-in-spring

How to add Spring into legacy web app
https://www.javaguides.net/2018/06/guide-to-spring-bean-scopes.html
https://dzone.com/articles/integrating-spring-legacy


Using Spring in web application outside Spring framwork i.e. Struts, JSF
https://www.javaguides.net/2018/06/guide-to-spring-bean-scopes.html

BeanFactory vs ApplicationContext
https://www.javaguides.net/2019/01/beanfactory-vs-applicationcontext-in-spring.html
http://zetcode.com/spring/annotationconfigapplicationcontext/

Spring AppInitializer
https://github.com/lokeshgupta1981/spring-webmvc/blob/master/src/main/java/com/howtodoinjava/demo/spring/config/AppInitializer.java
https://github.com/eugenp/tutorials/blob/master/spring-mvc-simple/src/main/java/com/baeldung/spring/configuration/WebInitializer.java
https://github.com/eugenp/tutorials
https://github.com/eugenp/tutorials/blob/master/spring-core-2/src/main/java/org/baeldung/spring/config/MvcConfig.java

Spring MVC Documentation
https://docs.spring.io/spring/docs/5.2.1.RELEASE/spring-framework-reference/index.html
https://docs.spring.io/spring/docs/5.2.1.RELEASE/spring-framework-reference/data-access.html#spring-data-tier
https://docs.spring.io/spring/docs/5.2.1.RELEASE/spring-framework-reference/web.html#spring-web
https://docs.spring.io/spring/docs/current/spring-framework-reference/web.html#mvc
https://github.com/RameshMF/spring-mvc-tutorial/blob/master/springmvc-java-config-example/src/main/java/net/javaguides/springmvc/config/AppConfig.java

Spring Tutorials
https://howtodoinjava.com/spring5/core/spring-bean-xml-config/
https://www.codejava.net/frameworks/spring/understand-spring-data-jpa-with-simple-example
https://github.com/RameshMF/spring-mvc-tutorial/blob/master/springmvc-java-config-example/src/main/java/net/javaguides/springmvc/config/AppConfig.java

Spring JDBC Transactions
https://docs.spring.io/spring-framework/docs/current/javadoc-api/org/springframework/transaction/annotation/EnableTransactionManagement.html
https://www.javacodegeeks.com/2016/03/springboot-working-jdbctemplate.html
https://examples.javacodegeeks.com/enterprise-java/spring/jdbc/spring-transaction-management-example-with-jdbc-example/
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/33594625/java-configuration-for-jdbctemplate-and-transaction-management-in-spring
https://www.danvega.dev/blog/2017/07/26/use-hikaricp-next-spring-boot-project/

Instaniation of ApplicationContext for Web Applicaitons
https://docs.spring.io/spring/docs/5.2.1.RELEASE/spring-framework-reference/core.html#beans-beanfactory

Examples JDBCTempleate
https://www.javacodegeeks.com/2016/03/springboot-working-jdbctemplate.html
https://www.logicbig.com/tutorials/spring-framework/spring-data-access-with-jdbc/transactional-annotation.html
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/33594625/java-configuration-for-jdbctemplate-and-transaction-management-in-spring

Spring ApplicationContext Bean instaniation Example
https://www.codejava.net/frameworks/spring/understanding-the-core-of-spring-framework#MultipleConfigs
http://zetcode.com/spring/annotationconfigapplicationcontext/

spring mvc
https://github.com/lokeshgupta1981/spring-webmvc/blob/master/src/main/java/com/howtodoinjava/demo/spring/config/AppInitializer.java

https://docs.spring.io/spring/docs/5.2.1.RELEASE/spring-framework-reference/

Spring Transaction management
https://docs.spring.io/spring/docs/5.2.1.RELEASE/spring-framework-reference/data-access.html#transaction-motivation

Liberty Gradle plugin
https://github.com/OpenLiberty/ci.gradle/blob/master/README.md

Servlet-api releases
https://maven.java.net/content/repositories/releases/javax/servlet/javax.servlet-api/3.0.1/
https://javaee.github.io/servlet-spec/

Setting Tomcat in Gradle, Eclipse 
https://www.zoftino.com/java-application-development-using-eclipse-and-gradle
https://www.zoftino.com/running-maven-web-application-on-tomcat-in-eclipse

Tomcat download
https://tomcat.apache.org/download-70.cgi

//Gradle project in Tomcat from Eclipse
https://www.zoftino.com/java-application-development-using-eclipse-and-gradle
https://www.zoftino.com/running-maven-web-application-on-tomcat-in-eclipse

Tomcat plugin in Eclipse
https://www.zoftino.com/running-maven-web-application-on-tomcat-in-eclipse
https://github.com/bmuschko/gradle-tomcat-plugin
https://jcenter.bintray.com/org/apache/tomcat/embed/tomcat-embed-jasper/8.0.53/

WebSphere and Java Persistence
http://webspherepersistence.blogspot.com/

WebSphere server important files
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IBM_WebSphere_Application_Server#Version_history
https://websphereapplicationservernotes.wordpress.com/2012/12/13/websphere-application-server-important-files/
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IBM_WebSphere_Application_Server#Version_history

Tomcat spec
http://tomcat.apache.org/whichversion.html

Java servlet spec
https://javaee.github.io/servlet-spec/

IBM Gradle Tutorials with Liberty
https://openliberty.io/guides/

Spring MVC 5 + Spring Data JPA + Hibernate 5 + JSP + MySQL Tutorial
https://www.javaguides.net/2018/11/spring-mvc-5-spring-data-jpa-hibernate-jsp-mysql-tutorial.html

MVC
https://www.logicbig.com/how-to/code-snippets/jcode-spring-mvc-webmvcconfigurer.html

Spring MVC Overview
https://docs.spring.io/spring/docs/current/spring-framework-reference/web.html#mvc

Spring MVC Docs
https://howtodoinjava.com/spring5/webmvc/spring-dispatcherservlet-tutorial/

Java Web Application with Spring Hibernate
https://www.javacodegeeks.com/2014/03/building-java-web-application-using-hibernate-with-spring.html
https://github.com/elizabetht/StudentEnrollmentWithSpring

simple web based application that uses Spring 3 as an IoC container.
https://www.theserverside.com/tutorial/How-to-Use-Spring-30-In-a-Servlet-Based-Web-Application
https://www.codejava.net/frameworks/spring/spring-mvc-with-jdbctemplate-example

Accessing Spring beans from Legacy code
http://sujitpal.blogspot.com/2007/03/accessing-spring-beans-from-legacy-code.html

Spring Transaction Management
https://docs.spring.io/spring/docs/5.2.1.RELEASE/spring-framework-reference/data-access.html#spring-data-tier

Spring Docs
https://docs.spring.io/spring/docs/

Configuring Spring JdbcTemplate without Boot v.3
https://docs.spring.io/spring/docs/3.0.x/spring-framework-reference/html/jdbc.html

Spring Template Error handling
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/18503607/best-practice-to-select-data-using-spring-jdbctemplate
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/27663170/passing-different-types-of-arguments-to-jdbctemplate-query
https://docs.spring.io/spring-framework/docs/2.0.x/api/org/springframework/jdbc/core/namedparam/NamedParameterJdbcTemplate.html

Spring Core
https://www.codejava.net/frameworks/spring/understanding-the-core-of-spring-framework

Spring Boot in WebSphere
https://support.bp-3.com/hc/en-us/articles/210443048-Running-Spring-Boot-JPA-apps-in-WebSphere-8-5-5

JPA Spring Configuration with Java – in a non-Boot Project
https://www.baeldung.com/the-persistence-layer-with-spring-and-jpa

Start Spring IO
https://start.spring.io/

Apring Data Jdbc
https://spring.io/projects/spring-data-jdbc
https://docs.spring.io/spring/docs/3.0.x/spring-framework-reference/html/jdbc.html

Spring JPA
https://www.petrikainulainen.net/programming/spring-framework/spring-data-jpa-tutorial-three-custom-queries-with-query-methods/
JPA with native queries
http://www.appsdeveloperblog.com/spring-data-jpa-native-sql-query/

Spring Data JPA using Hibernate and Java Configuration with Annotations
https://www.thomasvitale.com/spring-data-jpa-hibernate-java-configuration/

Migration guide from STS Gradle to Buildship
https://github.com/eclipse/buildship/wiki/Migration-guide-from-STS-Gradle-to-Buildship

https://stackoverflow.com/questions/23974249/spring-data-jpa-without-spring-boot

RMI
http://www.ejbtutorial.com/java-rmi/a-step-by-step-implementation-tutorial-for-java-rmi

Gradle Buidship 3.x
https://marketplace.eclipse.org/content/buildship-gradle-integration#group-screenshots

CRUD-spring-hibernate-tutorial.zip
https://www.dropbox.com/s/0i8ikuhyls260tx/CRUD-spring-hibernate-tutorial.zip

Spring framework Tutorials
https://www.codejava.net/frameworks/spring

Jee, Jdbc, EJB, JPA Tutorial
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_zW27Y2boCo

Configuring Jdbc Pool and Jndi
https://blogs.oracle.com/dana/jdbc-connection-pools-in-glassfish

Link to get certificate
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_zW27Y2boCo

https://nirajsonawane.github.io/2018/05/29/Java-8-List-all-Files-in-Directory-and-Subdirectories/
How doctors make?
https://www2.gov.bc.ca/assets/gov/health/practitioner-pro/medical-services-plan/bluebook2012.pdf

https://www.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/SSZH4A_6.2.0/com.ibm.worklight.deploy.doc/admin/t_configuring_liberty_profile_manually.html

https://openliberty.io/blog/2019/09/13/testing-database-connections-REST-APIs.html

https://www.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/en/SSEQTP_liberty/com.ibm.websphere.wlp.doc/ae/twlp_dep_jdbc.html
https://www.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/en/SSZH4A_6.2.0/com.ibm.worklight.deploy.doc/admin/t_configuring_liberty_profile_for_oracle_manually.html
https://www.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/SSD28V_liberty/com.ibm.websphere.wlp.core.doc/ae/twlp_dep_configuring_ds.html

\Program Files\Java\jdk1.8.0_201\jre\lib\security
https://developer.ibm.com/wasdev/downloads/#asset/runtimes-wlp-webProfile8

The simplest way to convert EJB 2.0 project to EJB 3.0
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/3246751/the-simplest-way-to-convert-ejb-2-0-project-to-ejb-3-0

http://axis.apache.org/axis2/java/core/docs/mtom-guide.html

How to access EJB 2.0 using a standalone program
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/25051329/how-to-access-ejb-2-0-using-a-standalone-program
https://docs.oracle.com/javase/jndi/tutorial/basics/prepare/initial.html

Implementing an EJB 2.1 Stateless Session Bean
https://docs.oracle.com/cd/E16439_01/doc.1013/e13981/ses21imp001.htm

https://www.oracle.com/search/results?Nty=1&Ntk=SI-ALL5&Ntt=EJB

Converting an EJB 2.0 Entity Bean to EJB 3.0
https://www.oracle.com/technical-resources/articles/vohra-ejb.html
https://www.oracle.com/search/results?Nty=1&Ntk=SI-ALL5&Ntt=EJB

Spring MVC Tutorial
https://www.journaldev.com/14476/spring-mvc-example

package com.sun.image.codec.jpeg does not exist
https://markmail.org/message/s4j7pbhie5wvf5b2

EJB java-api
https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/org.apache.openejb/javaee-api/6.0-6


Liberty Application Development
	https://www.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/en/SSEQTP_liberty/com.ibm.websphere.wlp.doc/ae/twlp_dep.html
	https://www.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/SSEQTP_8.5.5/com.ibm.websphere.base.iseries.doc/ae/rtrb_installappprob.html
	https://github.com/OpenLiberty/ci.gradle/blob/master/docs/installApps.md
	https://github.com/OpenLiberty/ci.gradle/blob/master/docs/libertyExtensions.md#liberty-server-configuration
	https://www.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/SSEQTP_liberty/com.ibm.websphere.wlp.doc/ae/twlp_dep_war.html
	
	OpenLiberty Setup
	https://openliberty.io/blog/
	https://openliberty.io/downloads/#eclipse_developer_tools
	
	https://openliberty.io/blog/2018/06/29/full_java_ee_8_liberty_18002.html
	
	EJB Topics
	https://www.ibm.com/support/pages/ejbdeploy-generation-and-deletion-stubs-ties-and-generated-deploy-code
	https://docs.oracle.com/cd/E17904_01/web.1111/e13719/implementing.htm#EJBPG194
	https://www.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/en/SSEQTP_8.5.5/com.ibm.websphere.base.doc/ae/cejb_ejbinwar.html
	http://citeseerx.ist.psu.edu/viewdoc/download?doi=10.1.1.404.2340&rep=rep1&type=pdf

Liberty Java EE 8 Full Profile - READ!!!
https://openliberty.io/blog/2018/06/29/full_java_ee_8_liberty_18002.html

Liberty Server Configuration
https://github.com/OpenLiberty/ci.gradle/blob/master/docs/libertyExtensions.md#liberty-server-configuration

Gradle Liberty InstallApps
https://github.com/OpenLiberty/ci.gradle/blob/master/docs/installApps.md

Deploying application to Liberty Docs
https://www.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/en/SSEQTP_liberty/com.ibm.websphere.wlp.doc/ae/twlp_dep.html
https://www.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/SSEQTP_liberty/com.ibm.websphere.wlp.doc/ae/twlp_dep_war.html

Install Liberty Tools in Eclipse
https://github.com/OpenLiberty/open-liberty-tools

Samples
https://github.com/WASdev/sample.servlet

OpenLiberty
https://github.com/OpenLiberty
https://github.com/OpenLiberty/ci.gradle
OpenLiberty Examples
https://github.com/WASdev/sample.servlet/blob/master/build.gradle

IBM Migratin Toolkit
https://developer.ibm.com/wasdev/downloads/#asset/tools-WebSphere_Application_Server_Migration_Toolkit
https://developer.ibm.com/wasdev/downloads/#asset/tools-Migration_Toolkit_for_Application_Binaries

Implementing Enterprise JavaBeans
https://docs.oracle.com/cd/E17904_01/web.1111/e13719/implementing.htm#EJBPG199
EJB3.x module package overview
https://www.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/en/SSEQTP_8.5.5/com.ibm.websphere.base.doc/ae/cejb_packfep.html

RMI Implementation Example with Exception
https://examples.javacodegeeks.com/core-java/rmi/remoteexception/java-rmi-remoteexception-how-to-solve-remoteexception/
https://docs.oracle.com/javase/7/docs/api/java/rmi/package-summary.html

Download java
http://www.java2s.com/Code/Jar/j/Downloadjavaxejbjar.htm
https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/javax.ejb/ejb/2.1

OpenLiberty Download example mvn
https://openliberty.io/downloads/

Installing IBM Liberty Developer Tools to Eclipse
https://marketplace.eclipse.org/category/free-tagging/liberty

Gradle Tutorial with Java Dymamic Web Project
https://medium.com/@wkrzywiec/setting-up-gradle-spring-project-in-eclipse-on-tomcat-server-77d68454fd8d
https://github.com/wkrzywiec/Library-Spring/tree/vanilla-web-app?source=post_page-----77d68454fd8d----------------------

https://www.zoftino.com/java-application-development-using-eclipse-and-gradle
https://javalibs.com/artifact/net.wasdev.wlp.gradle.plugins/liberty-gradle-plugin
https://www.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/beta/mk/SSHR6W/com.ibm.websphere.wdt.doc/topics/gradledev.html
https://www.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/en/SSHR6W/com.ibm.websphere.wdt.doc/topics/gradledev.html
https://openliberty.io/guides/gradle-intro.html#configure-your-project
https://github.com/OpenLiberty/ci.gradle
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/3358220/where-to-download-java-ee-jar
https://discuss.gradle.org/t/debugging-gradle-web-application-in-jetty/24912/2

Developing with the Liberty Gradle plug-in
https://www.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/en/SSHR6W/com.ibm.websphere.wdt.doc/topics/gradledev.html
https://github.com/OpenLiberty/ci.gradle

Building a web application with Gradle
https://openliberty.io/guides/gradle-intro.html

Debuging Grdle in Jetty
https://github.com/akhikhl/gretty/issues/36#issuecomment-49309075

https://www.zoftino.com/java-application-development-using-eclipse-and-gradle
Gradle Remote debug
https://github.com/MusalaSoft/atmosphere-docs/blob/master/usage/gradle-debug-in-eclipse.md

https://docs.oracle.com/cd/E24329_01/web.1211/e24972/examples.htm#EJBAD123

Remote EJB client
https://docs.jboss.org/author/display/WFLY/EJB+invocations+from+a+remote+client+using+JNDI?_sscc=t

How lookup workswith ejb names
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/43282192/how-to-specify-the-ejb-bean-name-in-the-jndi-tree-in-jee7

For information on programming client access to an EJB, see "Accessing Enterprise Bean" 
in the "Enterprise Beans" chapter of the Java EE 6 Tutorial at 
https://docs.oracle.com/javaee/6/tutorial/doc/gipjf.html#girfl


Getting Started with Enterprise JavaBeans
http://www.conceptgo.com/gsejb/ov07.html

EJB3.1 - 3.0 New features and changes
https://docs.oracle.com/cd/E24329_01/web.1211/e24972/understanding.htm#EJBAD1331

Understanding Enterprise JavaBeans
https://docs.oracle.com/cd/E24329_01/web.1211/e24972/understanding.htm#EJBAD118

Using Local and Remote Interfaces
https://docs.oracle.com/cd/E19159-01/819-3681/abecg/index.html

Oracle EJB Documentation
https://docs.oracle.com/cd/E24329_01/web.1211/e24972/overview.htm#EJBAD111

Oracle EJB Java 6
https://docs.oracle.com/cd/E24329_01/web.1211/e24446/ejbs.htm#INTRO255
https://docs.oracle.com/javaee/6/tutorial/doc/gijsz.html

EJB Reference Documentation
https://docs.jboss.org/ejb3/docs/reference/1.0.8/html_single/

Migration of EJB1.1 to JPA
https://www.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/ar/SSAW57_8.5.5/com.ibm.websphere.nd.multiplatform.doc/ae/tejb_implement_ejb3x_apps_step1.html

Gradle dependency in multi-project
https://medium.com/codequest/gradle-multi-project-build-substituting-jar-dependencies-with-local-projects-4a5323f8680b

Liberty Tutorial
https://developer.ibm.com/wasdev/docs/developing-applications-wdt-liberty-profile/

JSF and WebSphere
https://www.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/SSAW57_9.0.5/com.ibm.websphere.nd.multiplatform.doc/ae/cweb_javaserver_faces.html

WebSphere Liberty
https://developer.ibm.com/wasdev/downloads/#asset/runtimes-wlp-javaee8
Installing IBM Admine Center for Liberty Server
https://developer.ibm.com/wasdev/downloads/#asset/features-com.ibm.websphere.appserver.adminCenter-1.0
Setup and adminCenter
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/28806073/how-to-start-admin-console-in-websphere-liberty-profile

Liberty adminCenter Explore
https://www.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/was_beta_liberty/com.ibm.websphere.wlp.nd.multiplatform.doc/ae/twlp_ui_login.html

https://www.tutorialspoint.com/unix/case-esac-statement.htm

Calling Jenkins job from another job
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/36306883/how-can-i-trigger-another-job-from-a-jenkins-pipeline-jenkinsfile-with-github

Apache HttpsClient
https://hc.apache.org/httpcomponents-client-ga/tutorial/html/index.html

How to call java from Jenkins pipeline
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/42781864/how-to-call-java-function-in-jenkinsfile-using-pipeline-plugin-in-jenkins

STS Tool missing tools.jar
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/11345193/gradle-does-not-find-tools-jar/48772824

http://setgetweb.com/p/WAS8/rxml_7libapp.html

Se
https://developer.ibm.com/answers/questions/177313/what-directory-i-need-to-look-for-finding-external/

Websphere security changes
https://developer.ibm.com/answers/questions/457633/browse-remote-filesystems-on-websphere-was-9007was/

https://www.ibm.com/support/pages/pi90009-information-disclosure-websphere-application-server-cve-2017-1743

http://java.boot.by/ibm-377/ch03s07.html

TroubleShooting: Web server Administration using WebSphere Administration console and the IBM HTTP Server Administrative Server
https://www.ibm.com/support/pages/troubleshooting-web-server-administration-using-websphere-administration-console-and-ibm-http-server-administrative-server


Regenerating the node plug-in configuration using scripting
https://www.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/en/SSAW57_8.5.5/com.ibm.websphere.nd.multiplatform.doc/ae/txml_pluginconfig.html

application.xml issue
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/31961618/gradle-deploy-project-to-ear


Reading properties file from jenkins job
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/43754764/load-properties-from-properties-file-and-make-them-available-throughout-the-job?rq=1

Groovy plugin for Eclipse
https://marketplace.eclipse.org/content/groovy-development-tools

https://wiki.jenkins.io/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=102334530

How to include files and folders into META-INF
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/23056475/how-to-place-context-xml-in-wars-meta-inf

Making an EAR an a WAR coexist in Gradle (almost) effortlessly
https://abelsromero.github.io/blog/2015/Making-an-EAR-an-a-WAR-coexist-in-Gradle-(almost)-effortlessly.html
https://docs.gradle.org/current/userguide/ear_plugin.html
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/31961618/gradle-deploy-project-to-ear
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/31978589/gradle-custom-ear

How to replace application.xml with your own
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/46714492/gradle-ear-plugin-generating-two-application-xml-file
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/33464577/gradle-task-replace-string-in-java-file

Structure of application.xml file - deployment descriptor
https://docs.oracle.com/cd/E13222_01/wls/docs61/programming/app_xml.html
https://www.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/en/SSEQTP_9.0.5/com.ibm.websphere.base.doc/ae/trun_app_deploymtdesc.html


IBM deployment descriptor
https://www.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/en/SSEQTP_9.0.5/com.ibm.websphere.base.doc/ae/trun_app_deploymtdesc.html

Gradle deply war file
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/26644564/is-it-possible-sensible-to-use-the-gradle-war-and-ear-plugin-in-the-same-project
Replacing value in the file
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/33464577/gradle-task-replace-string-in-java-file

Duplicates in war
https://discuss.gradle.org/t/war-has-duplicate-jars/1890/2

to read 
https://www.vogella.com/tutorials/Gradle/article.html

Gradle dependency war plugin
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/48395772/query-for-gradle-dependency-for-war-plugin

Eclipse Gradle
https://discuss.gradle.org/t/creating-a-subproject-with-buildship-in-eclipse/15272/6

AAS lib to replace
https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/net.sf.saxon/saxon-xpath/8.7

Ear Project with war subprojects
https://discuss.gradle.org/t/ear-project-with-war-subprojects/20558

Compile jar files with Gradle
https://medium.com/@petehouston/compile-local-jar-files-with-gradle-a078e5c7a520

Gradle dependency management
https://docs.gradle.org/current/userguide/introduction_dependency_management.html

Ant javac documentation
https://ant.apache.org/manual/Tasks/javac.html

Gradle War plugin
https://docs.gradle.org/current/userguide/war_plugin.html
https://docs.gradle.org/current/userguide/ear_plugin.html


How to change the owner of the smbolic link
https://unix.stackexchange.com/questions/218557/how-to-change-ownership-from-symbolic-links

How to generate key in Windows
https://confluence.atlassian.com/bitbucket/set-up-an-ssh-key-728138079.html

Jython Documentaion
https://jython.readthedocs.io/en/latest/chapter3/
Groovy Examples
http://grails.asia/groovy-each-examples

https://jython.readthedocs.io/en/latest/chapter1/#the-difference-between-jython-and-python

WAS Architecture p. 14 to read
http://www.redbooks.ibm.com/redbooks/pdfs/sg248056.pdf

Passing parameters into Jython script 
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/52329018/pass-arguments-to-jython-script-in-wsadmin
https://www.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/SS7K4U_8.5.5/com.ibm.websphere.zseries.doc/ae/cxml_jython.html

Reading properties in Jython
http://java-brew.blogspot.com/2011/01/reading-properties-file-in-wlst-jython.html

How to install Jython
https://jython.readthedocs.io/en/latest/chapter1/#the-difference-between-jython-and-python 
https://docs.oracle.com/cd/E57185_01/AGFDE/setting_up_jython_eclipse_and_python.htm#AGFDE-erpi_jython 

wsadmin scripts writing
https://www.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/en/SSAW57_8.5.5/com.ibm.websphere.nd.multiplatform.doc/ae/txml_7libserver.html

hints and tips for using the wsadminlib.py package from IBM developerWorks
http://wsadminlib.blogspot.com/2010/03/blog-creation.html

What is the easiest way convert line endings to unix style when creating tar file in Gradle?
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/5958704/what-is-the-easiest-way-convert-line-endings-to-unix-style-when-creating-tar-fil

Find if Application is running or not if Application Server is running 
https://www-01.ibm.com/support/docview.wss?uid=swg21207255

Using wsadmin scripting with Jython
https://www.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/SS7K4U_8.5.5/com.ibm.websphere.zseries.doc/ae/cxml_jython.html

wsadmin install app
https://www.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/en/SSAW57_8.5.5/com.ibm.websphere.nd.multiplatform.doc/ae/txml_callappinstall.html
https://www.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/SS7K4U_9.0.5/com.ibm.websphere.zseries.doc/ae/txml_appstate.html
https://www.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/en/SSAW57_8.5.5/com.ibm.websphere.nd.multiplatform.doc/ae/txml_7libserver.html

How do I determine if an application is running using wsadmin Jython script?
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/8185866/how-do-i-determine-if-an-application-is-running-using-wsadmin-jython-script/8194126
https://www-01.ibm.com/support/docview.wss?uid=swg21207255

Python scripts for WAS
https://portal2portal.blogspot.com/2014/02/executing-external-pythonjython-scripts.html

Gradle war - including a file into war
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/6683375/how-do-i-add-a-properties-file-into-my-war-using-gradle

Using Artifactory plugin in Jenkins declarative pipeline
https://devops.stackexchange.com/questions/1124/using-artifactory-plugin-in-jenkins-declarative-pipeline/1477#1477

Pipeline examples
https://122.112.226.199/doc/pipeline/examples/

Where to put properties file inear
https://coderanch.com/t/314457/java/property-file-ear
Monitored directory
https://www.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/en/SSEQTP_8.5.5/com.ibm.websphere.base.doc/ae/crun_app_install.html

Use of wsadmin
https://www.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/en/SSEQTP_9.0.5/com.ibm.websphere.base.doc/ae/txml_launchscript.html

wsadmin jdbc setup
https://www.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/SSEQTP_9.0.5/com.ibm.websphere.base.doc/ae/rxml_adminconfig1.html

pring MVC 5 - Hello world example with Thymeleaf template
https://www.boraji.com/spring-mvc-5-hello-world-example-with-thymeleaf-template
https://www.boraji.com/how-to-create-a-web-project-using-maven-in-eclipse

web.xml display-name
http://akhilesh-humbe.blogspot.com/2015/03/wasx7111e-cannot-find-match-for.html

java target in Gradle
http://claudioaltamura.de/gradle/how-to-specify-java-source-and-target-compatibility-in-gradle-multi-project

Gradle 5.5.1 compiling to java 6, 7
https://docs.gradle.org/current/userguide/building_java_projects.html

H2 db with function
https://blog.jooq.org/2011/11/04/use-jooq-inside-your-h2-database/
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/40918742/halt-a-jenkins-pipeline-job-early

Installing plugins in a new Eclipse 201906
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/45319531/eclipse-luna-shows-error-unable-to-read-repository-at
https://discuss.gradle.org/t/methods-part-of-incremental-build-of-copy-zip-jar-and-similar-tasks-should-be-rejected-in-execution-phase/22758/2
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/38895361/gradle-split-copy-task-between-configuration-and-execution-phases

Run Gradle Tasks: what’s wrong with your Gradle task?
https://blog.softwaremill.com/my-task-whats-wrong-with-your-gradle-task-82312100c595

https://stackoverflow.com/questions/38895361/gradle-split-copy-task-between-configuration-and-execution-phases
https://docs.gradle.org/5.2.1/userguide/building_java_projects.html#sec:custom_java_source_set_paths

https://docs.gradle.org/5.2.1/userguide/java_plugin.html#sec:java_tasks
https://docs.gradle.org/current/dsl/org.gradle.api.tasks.bundling.Jar.html
https://docs.gradle.org/current/dsl/org.gradle.api.Project.html#org.gradle.api.Project:projectDir
https://docs.gradle.org/current/dsl/org.gradle.api.Project.html
https://www.oreilly.com/library/view/gradle-beyond-the/9781449373801/ch01.html
https://docs.gradle.org/current/javadoc/org/gradle/api/file/CopySpec.html
https://docs.gradle.org/current/dsl/org.gradle.api.tasks.Copy.html
https://www.oreilly.com/library/view/gradle-beyond-the/9781449373801/ch01.html

Vermilion Energy Inc
http://www.cppib.com/documents/1804/cdn_publicequityholdings_Mar2018_en.htm

XJC 
https://github.com/gdpotter/gradle-jaxb-example/blob/master/build.gradle
https://gdpotter.com/2017/08/14/jaxb-gradle-config/

Jaxb Plugin
https://plugins.gradle.org/plugin/org.openrepose.gradle.plugins.jaxb
https://github.com/rackerlabs/gradle-jaxb-plugin

xjc jaxb generation
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/23619178/how-to-compile-multiple-xsd-files-in-gradle-jaxb-xjc

July 08, 2019 Monday 
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/23367507/how-to-pass-system-property-to-gradle-task

Gradle Jar basename
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/6768295/gradle-jar-file-name-in-java-plugin

Publish JAR Artifact using Gradle to Artifactory
https://dzone.com/articles/publish-jar-artifact-using
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/49410236/task-files-not-found-in-root-project
https://www-01.ibm.com/support/docview.wss?uid=swg21994741

WSADMIN parameters
https://www.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/en/SSAW57_8.5.5/com.ibm.websphere.nd.multiplatform.doc/ae/rxml_taskoptions.html

Jenkins Examples
https://jenkins.io/doc/pipeline/examples/

Jenkins Variable Reference
https://jenkins.io/doc/book/pipeline/getting-started/#snippet-generator

Jenkins Error handling
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/38392254/jenkins-pipeline-try-catch-inside-a-retry-block

Jenkins Scripted vs Declarative pipelines
https://dev.to/pencillr/jenkins-pipelines-and-their-dirty-secrets-1

CI Jenkins Call another job
https://dzone.com/refcardz/continuous-delivery-with-jenkins-workflow?chapter=1
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/36306883/how-can-i-trigger-another-job-from-a-jenkins-pipeline-jenkinsfile-with-github?rq=1

Jenkins start job wit parameter from groovy
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/36306883/how-can-i-trigger-another-job-from-a-jenkins-pipeline-jenkinsfile-with-github?rq=1

Jaxb XJC Parameters
https://javaee.github.io/jaxb-v2/doc/user-guide/ch04.html#tools-xjc-ant-task

https://www.google.ca/search?q=gradle+jaxb+xjc+example&safe=active&ei=YyYNXf_XHaG8ggfs6IOQDQ&start=10&sa=N&ved=0ahUKEwi_lY64nvviAhUhnuAKHWz0ANIQ8tMDCIMB&biw=1332&bih=866
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/41880496/how-to-generate-jaxb-classes-from-xsd-using-gradle-jaxb-and-xjc-classes-should
Russian XJC JAXB collection
http://qaru.site/questions/844368/how-to-generate-jaxb-classes-from-xsd-using-gradle-jaxb-and-xjc-classes-should-have-xmlrootelement
http://azagorneanu.blogspot.com/2011/09/configure-maven-to-generate-classes.html
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/33232039/xsd-is-not-a-part-of-this-compilation-is-this-a-mistake-for-xjb

https://javaee.github.io/jaxb-v2/doc/user-guide/ch04.html#tools-xjc-ant-task

Gradle - Ant binding 
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/18946818/how-to-specify-multiple-binding-files-in-gradle-for-ant-xjc-task

gradle xsd jaxb 
Java POJO Code Generation from XSD using Gradle 2.1
https://gist.github.com/marcellodesales/dbb9baf0c0214a4b84e8
XJC Convention
https://github.com/jacobono/gradle-jaxb-plugin#xjc-convention

Gradle jaxb xsd
http://qaru.site/questions/844368/how-to-generate-jaxb-classes-from-xsd-using-gradle-jaxb-and-xjc-classes-should-have-xmlrootelement

Gradle copy files
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/39109923/copy-entire-directory-in-gradle

WSADMIN Errors
https://www.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/en/SSAW57_8.5.5/com.ibm.websphere.nd.multiplatform.doc/ae/rtrb_wsadminprobs.html
https://mytechn0tes.blogspot.com/2013/05/list-of-commands-for-objects-in-wsadmin.html 
https://jython4wsadmin.blogspot.com/2015/10/

Starting the wsadmin client
https://www.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/en/SSYGQH_6.0.0/admin/admin/t_admin_wsadmin_starting.html

How To Use chmod and chown Command
https://www.cyberciti.biz/faq/how-to-use-chmod-and-chown-command/

rpm not a file
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/35279698/rpmbuild-error-file-not-found-even-though-files-are-in-the-path

https://www.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/SSAW57_8.5.5/com.ibm.websphere.nd.multiplatform.doc/ae/txml_callappinstall.html

WAS Admin v7 
https://www.redbooks.ibm.com/redpapers/pdfs/redp4576.pdf

Eclipse Git 
https://eclipsesource.com/blogs/tutorials/egit-tutorial/

Groovy Documentation
http://docs.groovy-lang.org/next/html/documentation/working-with-collections.html#_iterating_on_maps

Python Using external configuration file
https://hackernoon.com/4-ways-to-manage-the-configuration-in-python-4623049e841b
http://java-brew.blogspot.com/2011/01/reading-properties-file-in-wlst-jython.html
Import
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/21612235/import-java-importerror-no-module-named-java

Starting the wsadmin scripting client using wsadmin scripting
https://www.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/en/SSEQTP_9.0.0/com.ibm.websphere.base.doc/ae/txml_launchscript.html

Python 3 Tutorial
https://docs.python.org/2/library/configparser.html
https://docs.python.org/3/tutorial/
https://www.jython.org/latest.html
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/24373073/websphere-7-jython-version
https://wiki.python.org/jython/LearningJython
https://www.jython.org/docs/index.html

https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/python/python-tutorial

Jim Baker presented a talk at PyCon 2015 about Jython 2.7, including
demos of new features: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hLm3garVQFo

How to Integrate IBM HTTP Server with WebSphere in 8.5.5?
https://geekflare.com/integrate-http-server-with-websphere-8-5/

https://docs.python.org/3.7/tutorial/index.html

Uninstall applications with the wsadmin tool
http://www.setgetweb.com/p/i5/portal/WAS60/Uninstallin_apps_wsadmin_tool.html
http://setgetweb.com/p/WAS85x/ae/txml_callappinstall.html

Installing Python modules
https://docs.python.org/3/installing/index.html

Reading properties files in jython
http://java-brew.blogspot.com/2011/01/reading-properties-file-in-wlst-jython.html
https://coderanch.com/t/424670/languages/Reading-Properties-file-Jython

WAS scripting tool
https://www.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/SS7K4U_8.5.5/com.ibm.websphere.zseries.doc/ae/txml_listapp.html

How to Integrate IBM HTTP Server with WebSphere in 8.5.5?
https://geekflare.com/integrate-http-server-with-websphere-8-5/

https://www.jython.org/jythonbook/en/1.0/DataTypes.html#strings-and-string-methods

https://www-01.ibm.com/support/docview.wss?mhq=jython&mhsrc=ibmsearch_a&uid=tss1wp100963

IBM: Using rpm tool
https://developer.ibm.com/articles/l-rpm2/
https://developer.ibm.com/tutorials/l-rpm1/

Webshere terminology
https://www.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/en/SSKTXQ_9.0.1/admin/plan/plan_was_glossary.html

Python syntax
https://docs.python.org/3/
https://docs.python.org/3/tutorial/controlflow.html#if-statements

Docs
https://www.jython.org/archive/21/docs/whatis.html

IBM Jython script language
http://www-01.ibm.com/support/docview.wss?uid=tss1wp100963&aid=1


Jython Tutorials
http://www.ster.kuleuven.ac.be/~rik/hdp/import-tutorial/ch01s02.html
http://www.ster.kuleuven.ac.be/~rik/hdp/import-tutorial/ch01s02.html

Jython importing modules
https://www.jython.org/jythonbook/en/1.0/ModulesPackages.html
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/3256135/importing-python-modules-in-jython

https://developer.ibm.com/tutorials/l-rpm1/
https://developer.ibm.com/articles/l-rpm2/

Bash Guide for Beginners
http://tldp.org/LDP/Bash-Beginners-Guide/html/chap_10.html

RPM 
https://docs.fedoraproject.org/en-US/Fedora_Draft_Documentation/0.1/pdf/RPM_Guide/Fedora_Draft_Documentation-0.1-RPM_Guide-en-US.pdf

WS Admin utility docs
https://www.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/en/SS7JFU_8.5.5/com.ibm.websphere.express.doc/ae/rxml_commandline.html

Jenkins exception
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/42786894/store-the-console-output-of-a-build-step-execution-in-jenkins-pipeline
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/37252572/try-catch-finally-masks-jenkinsfile-problems-in-case-of-groovy-compiler-exceptio

WAS jython
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/jython/jython_importing_java_libraries.htm

canadian dividend paying stocks
https://www.moneysense.ca/save/investing/stocks/top-100-dividend-stocks-of-2019/

WAS admin Tutorial
https://websphereapplicationservernotes.wordpress.com/2012/12/25/wsadmin-tutorial-part1/

Gradle User Guide
https://docs.gradle.org/current/userguide/userguide.pdf

Artifactory Publish
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/49410236/task-files-not-found-in-root-project

Gradle Deplyment descriptor
https://docs.gradle.org/current/javadoc/org/gradle/plugins/ear/descriptor/DeploymentDescriptor.html

Ear Plugin
https://docs.gradle.org/current/userguide/ear_plugin.html

Authoring Gralde tasks
https://docs.gradle.org/current/userguide/multi_project_builds.html

Jenkins Rollback
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/52722666/jenkins-rollback-previous-version-of-deploy

Versioning
https://docs.oracle.com/middleware/1212/core/MAVEN/maven_version.htm#MAVEN400

Gradle User Guide
https://docs.gradle.org/current/userguide/userguide.pdf

Gradle Pipeline Deoployment Examples
https://github.com/jfrog/project-examples/blob/master/jenkins-examples/pipeline-examples/scripted-examples/gradle-deploy-example/Jenkinsfile
https://github.com/jfrog/project-examples/blob/master/jenkins-examples/pipeline-examples/scripted-examples/gradle-example/Jenkinsfile

Jenkins User Documentation Home
https://jenkins.io/doc/book/pipeline/shared-libraries/

Gradle Root vars
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/41635131/gradle-getting-the-root-project-directory-path-when-starting-with-a-custom-buil

Gradle War Example
https://openliberty.io/guides/gradle-intro.html#configure-your-project

Gradle Mutiproject Example
https://github.com/hammingweight/gradle-java-ear/blob/master/build.gradle

Gradle ear plugin
https://docs.gradle.org/current/userguide/ear_plugin.html

Gradle Java layout
https://docs.gradle.org/current/userguide/java_plugin.html#sec:java_project_layout

War lib dulicates
https://discuss.gradle.org/t/war-has-duplicate-jars/1890/3
http://gradle.1045684.n5.nabble.com/War-packed-with-duplicated-jars-td4624905.html

Jenkins Build Steps
https://dzone.com/refcardz/continuous-delivery-with-jenkins-workflow?chapter=3
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/36306883/how-can-i-trigger-another-job-from-a-jenkins-pipeline-jenkinsfile-with-github?rq=1

Unix inspecting rpm
https://blog.packagecloud.io/eng/2015/10/13/inspect-extract-contents-rpm-packages/
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/11043878/linux-search-file-based-on-file-name-pattern

CI with jenkins Calling one job from another
https://dzone.com/refcardz/continuous-delivery-with-jenkins-workflow?chapter=1

Calling Jenkins job from another job
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/36306883/how-can-i-trigger-another-job-from-a-jenkins-pipeline-jenkinsfile-with-github?rq=1

WAS Builder Plugin
https://wiki.jenkins.io/display/JENKINS/WAS+Builder+Plugin

Feature Toggles
https://martinfowler.com/articles/feature-toggles.html

Groovy language
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/groovy/groovy_equalsignorecase.htm

Property version
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/33020069/how-to-get-version-attribute-from-a-gradle-build-to-be-included-in-runtime-swing

Feature Toggle
https://martinfowler.com/articles/feature-toggles.html

https://www.jfrog.com/confluence/display/RTF/Using+File+Specs

https://github.com/researchgate/gradle-release/blob/master/build.gradle

Multibranch Tutorial
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=11z2x3VYO_I

Creating a Multibranch Pipeline
https://jenkins.io/doc/book/pipeline/multibranch/

Jenkins build watch for new branches and build named branch
https://serverfault.com/questions/779997/jenkins-build-watch-for-new-branches-and-build-named-branch

Configuring Webhook To Jenkins for Bitbucket
https://mohamicorp.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/DOC/pages/121274372/Configuring+Webhook+To+Jenkins+for+Bitbucket

May 01, 2019 Wednesday
============================
https://cloud.google.com/solutions/continuous-delivery-spinnaker-kubernetes-engine

April 30, 2019 Tuesday
https://guides.gradle.org/building-java-applications/

https://stackoverflow.com/questions/40870657/groovy-method-definition-not-expected-here
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/42158539/how-to-define-and-use-function-inside-jenkins-pipeline-config
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/49660322/jenkins-error-handling-using-try-catch-to-post-to-log-after-build-is-complete-a


April 29, 2019 Monday
============================
BitBucket/Jenkins job
https://gist.github.com/HarshadRanganathan/97feed7f91b7ae542c994393447f3db4

Email notification in Jenkins
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/39720225/send-email-on-jenkins-pipeline-failure
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/43721207/jenkins-pipeline-email-not-sent-on-build-failure

Integrate with BitBucket: build after each commit (Get started with Jenkins part 4)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nNaR5Q_pIa4

Artifactory Jenkins Reference ApI
https://javadoc.jenkins.io/plugin/artifactory/index.html?org/jfrog/hudson/BintrayPublish/package-summary.html

Gradle Article
https://www.vogella.com/tutorials/Gradle/article.html

https://docs.gradle.org/5.1.1/userguide/multi_project_builds.html
https://docs.gradle.org/5.3.1/userguide/build_lifecycle.html#sec:build_phases
https://docs.gradle.org/5.3.1/dsl/org.gradle.api.Project.html

https://github.com/gradle/gradle/blob/master/subprojects/docs/src/samples/userguide/multiproject/firstExample/water/groovy/build.gradle
https://docs.gradle.org/5.1.1/userguide/organizing_gradle_projects.html

https://stackoverflow.com/questions/4846007/check-if-directory-exists-and-delete-in-one-command-unix 
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/3834839/how-to-escape-a-double-quote-inside-double-quotes/42341860 

Gradle Multi Project builds
https://docs.gradle.org/5.3.1/userguide/multi_project_builds.html#multi_project_builds

https://www.scmtechblog.net/2015/12/how-to-migrate-parent-pom-from-maven-to.html
https://blog.jayway.com/2015/03/11/automatic-versioncode-generation-in-android-gradle/

Build Gradle multi-project 
https://rominirani.com/gradle-tutorial-part-1-installation-setup-2ea77729fc8c
https://rominirani.com/gradle-tutorial-part-2-java-projects-5aaf99368018

Creating Multi-project Builds
https://guides.gradle.org/creating-multi-project-builds/

Converting windows files into Unix
http://sql313.com/index.php/43-main-blogs/maincat-dba/62-using-notepad-to-change-end-of-line-characters

Unix command rm with existing directory
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/4846007/check-if-directory-exists-and-delete-in-one-command-unix

Gradle-2-User-Guide-Demos
https://github.com/waylau/Gradle-2-User-Guide-Demos/blob/master/Example%2014.1.%20Directory%20creation%20with%20mkdir/build.gradle

Get file name from a path string
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/14526260/how-do-i-get-the-file-name-from-a-string-containing-the-absolute-file-path/14526362

Groovy String interpolation
http://docs.groovy-lang.org/latest/html/documentation/index.html#_string_interpolation

Gradle noWarningOnDirty
https://github.com/nemerosa/versioning/issues/26

Publishing files to Artifactory
https://www.jfrog.com/confluence/display/RTF/Working+With+Pipeline+Jobs+in+Jenkins

Working with pipelines
https://www.jfrog.com/confluence/display/RTF/Working+With+Pipeline+Jobs+in+Jenkins

Unzipping files
https://mrhaki.blogspot.com/2012/06/gradle-goodness-unpacking-archive.html

Gradle Documentation
http://sorcersoft.org/project/site/gradle/userguide/working_with_files.html

How to zip directory from Gradle
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/36863456/gradle-task-to-create-a-zip-archive-of-a-directory

Artifactory jfrog error
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/43899791/gradle-publish-to-artifactory-could-not-find-method-artifactorypublish

File download or upload specification
https://www.jfrog.com/confluence/display/RTF/Using+File+Specs

Artifactory Gradle Examples
https://jenkins.io/doc/pipeline/examples/

April 15, 2019 Monday  +3
============================
net.nemerosa.versioning
https://plugins.gradle.org/plugin/net.nemerosa.versioning

https://stackoverflow.com/questions/35753399/auto-generate-build-pipeline-for-gradle-build-using-jenkinsfile/41776048

Gradle running multiple tasks
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/32907275/gradle-custom-task-which-runs-multiple-tasks

Gradle Copy files
https://docs.gradle.org/current/userguide/working_with_files.html
https://docs.gradle.org/current/dsl/org.gradle.api.tasks.Copy.html
http://mrhaki.blogspot.com/2010/10/gradle-goodness-renaming-files-while.html
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/5392875/gradle-replace-text-in-jsp-using-filter

if-else in Gradle
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/30331762/how-to-use-if-else-condition-in-gradle

Gradle task with parameters
http://mrhaki.blogspot.com/2010/10/gradle-goodness-pass-command-line.html

Grade if-else
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/30331762/how-to-use-if-else-condition-in-gradle

Gradle compile vs implementation
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/44493378/whats-the-difference-between-implementation-and-compile-in-gradle
 
Unix tar file with zip
http://computing.help.inf.ed.ac.uk/FAQ/whats-tarball-or-how-do-i-unpack-or-create-tgz-or-targz-file

Must read ssh keys
https://help.ubuntu.com/community/SSH/OpenSSH/Keys

Issue with ssh keys
https://ubuntuforums.org/showthread.php?t=2248801
shell script to remove a file if it already exist
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/31318068/shell-script-to-remove-a-file-if-it-already-exist

Error resolution
https://ubuntuforums.org/showthread.php?t=2248801

How to convert Java project into Gradle project using Eclipse
https://www.vogella.com/tutorials/EclipseGradle/article.html

https://wiki.jenkins.io/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=102662894
https://www.jfrog.com/confluence/display/RTF5X/Working+With+Pipeline+Jobs+in+Jenkins
https://devops.stackexchange.com/questions/1124/using-artifactory-plugin-in-jenkins-declarative-pipeline
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/1611635/ant-says-buildtests-does-not-exist-but-i-cant-see-why-it-is-looking-for-bui

Gradle - Genereating jaxb from xsd
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/41880496/how-to-generate-jaxb-classes-from-xsd-using-gradle-jaxb-and-xjc-classes-should

Passing paramters into Ant script from command line
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/6776135/how-to-pass-parameters-for-a-ant-script-which-is-invoked-via-shell-script

Git Docs
https://www.atlassian.com/git/tutorials/inspecting-a-repository/git-tag

Git Parameter Plugins
https://wiki.jenkins.io/display/JENKINS/Git+Parameter+Plugin
https://wiki.jenkins.io/display/JENKINS/List+Git+Branches+Parameter+Plugin

Eclipse issue resolution
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/32433221/source-folder-folder1-in-project-projecta-cannot-output-to-distinct-source-f


Bash Conditional Expressions
http://www.gnu.org/software/bash/manual/bashref.html#Bash-Conditional-Expressions

March 27, 2019 Wednesday -2
===========================
3.6 Passing Arguments to a Buildfile
http://etutorials.org/Programming/Java+extreme+programming/Chapter+3.+Ant/3.6+Passing+Arguments+to+a+Buildfile/

How to invoke Ant in a Jenkins Groovy Pipeline
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/41384971/how-to-invoke-ant-in-a-jenkins-groovy-pipeline

Call ant target multiple times with different parameters
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/25448523/call-ant-target-multiple-times-with-different-parameters


Ant in Jenkins
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/41384971/how-to-invoke-ant-in-a-jenkins-groovy-pipeline

Migrating from Subversion to Git with svn2git on Windows (the tricky bits explained)
https://www.troyhunt.com/migrating-from-subversion-to-git-with/

svn-all-fast-export aka svn2git
https://github.com/svn-all-fast-export/svn2git

https://techbase.kde.org/Projects/MoveToGit/UsingSvn2Git

SVN to Git
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/48176963/git-svn-clone-is-skipping-revisions?rq=1

Download ruby
https://rubyinstaller.org/downloads/

How to invoke Ant in Jenkins pipeline job using groovy script?
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/38103958/how-to-invoke-ant-in-jenkins-pipeline-job-using-groovy-script

March 19, 2019 Tuesday -2
===========================
Migration from SVN to Git
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/devops/repos/git/perform-migration-from-svn-to-git?view=azure-devops
Git Configuration
https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Customizing-Git-Git-Configuration
https://www.theserverside.com/blog/Coffee-Talk-Java-News-Stories-and-Opinions/Where-system-global-and-local-Windows-Git-config-files-are-saved

Advantages of Git - working!!!
https://blog.axosoft.com/migrating-git-svn/

https://stackoverflow.com/questions/47408412/how-do-i-checkout-an-entire-svn-repository-with-all-the-history-tags-and-versio

John Albin SVNtoGit
https://john.albin.net/git/git-svn-migrate
http://john.albin.net/git/git-svn-migrate
https://github.com/JohnAlbin/git-svn-migrate

Learn BitBucket
https://www.atlassian.com/git/tutorials/learn-git-with-bitbucket-cloud

March 14, 2019 Thursday +3
===========================
Gradle config examples
https://github.com/dmitrij-drandarov/Spring-5-Angular-4-Gradle-Example

Download in Jenkins using Artifactory plugin
https://www.jfrog.com/confluence/display/RTF5X/Working+With+Pipeline+Jobs+in+Jenkins
https://jfrog.com/blog/use-file-specs-in-your-cicd-to-get-full-control-of-your-artifacts/

March 13, 2019 Wednesday +2
========================
Artifacts and BuildInfo Publication
https://www.jfrog.com/confluence/display/RTF/Gradle+Artifactory+Plugin

https://github.com/jfrog/jenkins-artifactory-plugin

Publish JAR artifact using Gradle to Artifactory
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/22352475/upload-artifact-to-artifactory-using-gradle
http://buransky.com/scala/publish-jar-artifact-using-gradle-to-artifactory/


March 12, 2019 Tuesday +2
========================
https://devops.stackexchange.com/questions/1124/using-artifactory-plugin-in-jenkins-declarative-pipeline

Gradle Artifactory Plugin Examples
https://github.com/jfrog/project-examples/tree/master/gradle-examples

https://github.com/JFrogDev/project-examples/tree/master/jenkins-pipeline-example

March 11, 2019 Monday +2
========================
Jenkins - Artifactory
https://jenkins.io/doc/pipeline/steps/artifactory/

Jenkins - Artifactory example
https://github.com/jfrog/project-examples/blob/master/jenkins-examples/pipeline-examples/scripted-examples/gradle-deploy-example/Jenkinsfile

Upload to Artifctory
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/39412014/how-to-set-jenkinsfile-for-upload-maven-artifact-to-artifactory

Publish to Artifactory from Gradle
https://www.cuba-platform.com/discuss/t/no-artifacts-will-be-uploaded-to-artifactory-jfrog-repository/2277/6

Create a fat jar
https://www.mkyong.com/gradle/gradle-create-a-jar-file-with-dependencies/

Publishing to Artifactory
https://wiki.jenkins.io/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=100697340

March 08, 2019 Friday -10
========================
Groovy Closures
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/groovy/groovy_closures.htm

Deploying from Gradle to Artifactory
https://medium.com/dot-debug/deploying-artifacts-to-maven-using-gradle-b669acc1b6f8

Jenkins Job Parameters
https://dev.to/pencillr/jenkins-pipelines-and-their-dirty-secrets-2

Jenkins job with parameters
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/37025175/pipeline-pass-parameters-to-downstream-jobs

Migration from SVN into BitBucket
http://john.albin.net/git/git-svn-migrate

Gradle Doc
https://docs.gradle.org/current/userguide/writing_build_scripts.html
Groovy Lang Docs
http://docs.groovy-lang.org/latest/html/documentation/index.html#_closures

March 07, 2019 Thursday -10
========================
https://www.jfrog.com/confluence/display/RTF/Working+With+Pipeline+Jobs+in+Jenkins
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/19474186/egit-rejected-non-fast-forward/38586542

Gradle Plugins https://plugins.gradle.org/
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/32352816/what-the-difference-in-applying-gradle-plugin

Run a List of Gradle Tasks In Specific Order
https://caffeineinduced.wordpress.com/2015/01/25/run-a-list-of-gradle-tasks-in-specific-order/

March 01, 2019 Friday -4
========================
Angular Webflow

Most popular Frameworks
https://blog.bitsrc.io/11-angular-component-libraries-you-should-know-in-2018-e9f9c9d544ff

SpringBoot bootJar plugin
https://docs.spring.io/spring-boot/docs/1.5.2.RELEASE/reference/html/build-tool-plugins-gradle-plugin.html
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/49798302/could-not-find-method-bootjar-for-arguments
https://docs.spring.io/spring-boot/docs/current/gradle-plugin/reference/html/#getting-started

February 28, 2019 Thursday   (-14)
==========================
SpringBoot bootJar vs Gradle jar
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/50636093/use-the-gradle-bootjar-instead-of-jar-task-and-build-fails-in-jenkins

https://docs.spring.io/spring-boot/docs/current/gradle-plugin/reference/html/#getting-started

February 27, 2019 Wednesday   (-9)
==========================
Gradle - local jars setup
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/20700053/how-to-add-local-jar-file-dependency-to-build-gradle-file


February 26, 2019 Tuesday   (-8)
==========================
Add resources, config files to your jar using gradle
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/24724383/add-resources-config-files-to-your-jar-using-gradle

Gradle solution to remove CR from files
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/5958704/what-is-the-easiest-way-convert-line-endings-to-unix-style-when-creating-tar-fil
https://ant.apache.org/manual/Tasks/fixcrlf.html


Gradle Doc
https://docs.gradle.org/current/javadoc/org/gradle/api/file/CopySpec.html
https://searchcode.com/codesearch/view/3033937/

Grade examples
https://searchcode.com/codesearch/view/3033937/  
https://gist.github.com/shad1w/c81e0470deed507e6630be52eccd59ff

Gradle File Copy Examples
http://mrhaki.blogspot.com/2010/10/gradle-goodness-copy-files-with.html

Ant FixCRLF
https://ant.apache.org/manual/Tasks/fixcrlf.html

https://gist.github.com/shad1w/c81e0470deed507e6630be52eccd59ff

Secure File transfer
https://kb.iu.edu/d/agye

Git in Eclipse
https://crunchify.com/how-to-configure-bitbucket-git-repository-in-you-eclipse/


Manifest files description
https://docs.oracle.com/javase/tutorial/deployment/jar/appman.html
http://andresalmiray.com/customize-jar-manifest-entries-with-maven-gradle/


February 05, 2019 Tuesday   (-1)
==========================
Angular + Jenkins
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/47315228/deploying-an-angular-application-using-continuous-integration-from-git-or-gitlab

February 04, 2019 Monday   (+1)
==========================
how to setup ssh keys for jenkins to publish via ssh
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/37331571/how-to-setup-ssh-keys-for-jenkins-to-publish-via-ssh

January 30, 2019 Wednesday
==========================
Working with files in Gradle
https://www.oreilly.com/library/view/gradle-beyond-the/9781449373801/ch01.html
https://www.oreilly.com/library/view/gradle-beyond-the/9781449373801/ch02.html
https://docs.gradle.org/current/userguide/working_with_files.html

Passing Project Properties From Command-Line With -P
https://dzone.com/articles/specifying-gradle-build

Jenkins environment variables
https://wilsonmar.github.io/jenkins2-pipeline/

January 29, 2019 Tuesday   (-8)
==========================
https://jenkins.io/doc/pipeline/examples/

January 28, 2019 Monday
==========================
Jenkins Groovy
https://wilsonmar.github.io/jenkins2-pipeline/


January 25, 2019 Friday   (-3)
==========================
Groovy Goodness: Use Closures as Java Lambda Expressions
http://mrhaki.blogspot.com/2015/04/groovy-goodness-use-closures-as-java.html

January 24, 2019 Thursday
==========================
Gradle SSH Plugin Document
https://gradle-ssh-plugin.github.io/docs/

Search Gradle plugins
https://plugins.gradle.org/

January 23, 2019 Wednesday
==========================
Gradle dependencies
https://docs.gradle.org/current/userguide/declaring_dependencies.html#declaring_dependencies
https://docs.gradle.org/current/userguide/tutorial_using_tasks.html


January 21, 2019 Monday 
==========================
https://plugins.jenkins.io/publish-over-ssh

Generating SSH keys
https://www.racf.bnl.gov/docs/authentication/ssh/sshkeygenunix

Publish over SSH plugin
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/50376212/how-to-publish-over-ssh-in-multibranch-pipeline-in-jenkins

January 18, 2018 Friday
==========================
Migrating from Maven to Gradle
https://guides.gradle.org/migrating-from-maven/

Companies Fillings
https://www.sedar.com/FindCompanyDocuments.do

Android Development Guide
https://developer.android.com/guide/
         
Passing command lne argumets in SpringBoot
https://memorynotfound.com/spring-boot-passing-command-line-arguments-example/

Logging with email setup
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/32149430/log4j2-smtpappender-sends-errors-but-not-exceptions

https://www.baeldung.com/spring-boot-command-line-arguments
Jenkins Checkout plugin bug
https://issues.jenkins-ci.org/browse/JENKINS-45007

Jenkins Master and agent machines
https://wiki.jenkins.io/display/JENKINS/Step+by+step+guide+to+set+up+master+and+agent+machines+on+Windows
Jenkins Master and slave machines
https://wiki.jenkins.io/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=75893612
 
Jenkins Docs
https://github.com/jenkinsci/pipeline-model-definition-plugin/wiki/Controlling-your-build-environment

Deployment of java app usig jenkins localy
https://blog.couchbase.com/create-a-continuous-deployment-pipeline-with-jenkins-and-java/

sFtp
https://www.programcreek.com/java-api-examples/?class=com.jcraft.jsch.ChannelSftp&method=connect

Google: SpringBoot secure variables jenkins
Using env variable in Spring Boot's application.properties
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/35531661/using-env-variable-in-spring-boots-application-properties

Your Spring Boot App with Jenkins X and Kubernetes
https://developer.okta.com/blog/2018/07/11/ci-cd-spring-boot-jenkins-x-kubernetes

January 08, 2018 Tuesday
==========================
Jenkins Pipeline
https://jenkins.io/doc/book/pipeline/

SpringBoot Environemtn Variables substitution
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/35531661/using-env-variable-in-spring-boots-application-properties
https://docs.spring.io/spring-boot/docs/current/reference/html/boot-features-external-config.html

Cron settings
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cron

January 07, 2018 Monday
==========================

Generating classes from xsd
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/11463231/how-to-generate-jaxb-classes-from-xsd

Java Roadmap
https://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/java-se-support-roadmap.html
https://react-etc.net/entry/oracle-to-stop-providing-a-free-java-jdk-with-long-term-support-lts

January 03, 2018 Thursday
==========================
Redux
https://toddmotto.com/redux-typescript-store
https://redux.js.org/introduction/learning-resources
Notes
https://github.com/pshrmn/notes
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/35140718/angular-2-4-5-not-working-in-ie11
https://softwareengineering.stackexchange.com/questions/198721/best-way-to-structure-a-git-repository-for-maven

LDAP gpresul
http://www.javaxt.com/Tutorials/Windows/How_to_Authenticate_Users_with_Active_Directory
https://github.com/Jahia/LDAP-provider/blob/master/src/main/java/org/jahia/services/usermanager/ldap/LDAPUserGroupProvider.java
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/390150/authenticating-against-active-directory-with-java-on-linux/394193#394193
https://github.com/jenkinsci/active-directory-plugin/blob/master/src/main/java/hudson/plugins/active_directory/ActiveDirectoryUnixAuthenticationProvider.java

Spring JdbcTemplate - Use of nameed parameters
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/15118630/some-doubts-about-rowmapper-use-in-jdbc-in-a-spring-framework-application

https://jsonlint.com

All versions Spring docs https://docs.spring.io/spring/docs/
https://docs.spring.io/spring/docs/5.1.3.RELEASE/spring-framework-reference/core.html#beans-java

December 17, 2018 Monday
===========================
Using Artifactor
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CLIX-dwEKGw
Artifactory Java Client Examples
https://github.com/jfrog/project-examples/tree/master/artifactory-client-java-examples


Interesting site with projects
https://www.programcreek.com/java-api-examples/?action=search_project
Active Directory with Java
https://www.programcreek.com/java-api-examples/index.php?project_name=Azure-Samples/active-directory-java-webapp-openidconnect#

SpringBoot Documentation
https://docs.spring.io/spring-boot/docs/current/reference/htmlsingle/

Maven Documentation
https://maven.apache.org/settings.html

https://spring.io/guides/gs/relational-data-access/

Accessing Relational Data using JDBC with Spring
https://spring.io/guides/gs/relational-data-access/

Maven clean up error
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/30522679/plugin-org-apache-maven-pluginsmaven-clean-plugin2-5-or-one-of-its-dependencie
http://borninblogsphere.blogspot.com/2011/03/maven-setup-behind-corporate-proxy.html

Manage Maven Templates
https://help.sonatype.com/repomanager2/managing-maven-settings/manage-maven-settings-templates

SpringBoot + Spring JDBC + Multiple data sources
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/24755429/multiple-datasource-and-jdbctemplate-in-spring-boot-1-1-0

Setting IDE for Grails
http://grails.asia/grails-3-tutorial-setup-your-windows-development-environment/

-noverify -Dgrails.server.port.http=8090
apply plugin: "application"
applicationDefaultJvmArgs = ["-Djavafx.embed.singleThread=true", "-Dgrails.server.port.http=8787"]


Grails port change
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/10955899/how-to-change-grails-localhost-port
-Dgrails.server.port.http=8090 on the command line. Set the GRAILS_OPTS environment variable to -Dgrails

Grails Framework download
http://grails.asia/grails-3-tutorial-setup-your-windows-development-environment/
define()
https://github.com/amdjs/amdjs-api/wiki/AMD

https://projects.eclipse.org/projects/tools.buildship/reviews/3.0.0-release-review

Gradle plugin portal
https://plugins.gradle.org/

Gradle Features
https://gradle.org/features/

Groovy language
http://groovy-lang.org/documentation.html
http://docs.groovy-lang.org/latest/html/documentation/

Gradle tutorials 
http://www.vogella.com/tutorials/EclipseGradle/article.html
Code review best practices
https://smartbear.com/learn/code-review/best-practices-for-peer-code-review/

http://www.intelliware.com/
http://www.intelliware.com/intelliware-teamed-fundserv-develop-client-facing-messaging-system/

Spring Rest Security
https://gist.github.com/thomasdarimont/8d6bc243d3b504439e67d57cb0d0bb72

SpringBoot with multiple configurations
http://roufid.com/spring-boot-multiple-databases-configuration/

IBM JDKs
https://developer.ibm.com/javasdk/downloads/

Maven Oracle jdbc driver
https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/oracle/ojdbc6

Using JSch sftp library
https://sourceforge.net/projects/jsch/files/
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/15108923/sftp-file-transfer-using-java-jsch
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/10881981/sftp-connection-through-java-asking-for-weird-authentication

?? https://stackoverflow.com/questions/2405885/run-a-command-over-ssh-with-jsch/37067557#37067557

This is a shameless plug, but I'm just now writing some extensive Javadoc for JSch. 
http://epaul.github.io/jsch-documentation/simple.javadoc/
Also, there is now a Manual in the JSch Wiki (written mainly by me).
http://epaul.github.io/jsch-documentation/javadoc/com/jcraft/jsch/package-summary.html
http://epaul.github.io/jsch-documentation/simple.javadoc/
https://kodehelp.com/java-program-for-uploading-file-to-sftp-server/


Cleaning eclipse project "Build error.."
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/19981634/errors-running-builder-java-builder
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/25929458/building-workspace-has-encountered-an-error

Installing Subversive in Eclipse/STS
https://www.eclipse.org/subversive/latest-releases.php
https://www.eclipse.org/subversive/downloads.php
https://www.eclipse.org/subversive/installation-instructions.php
https://www.eclipse.org/subversive/documentation/gettingStarted/aboutSubversive/install.php

VSCode Java Support https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/java/java-tutorial
VSCode Guide https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/?dv=win64

